=head1 NAME

brewbuild.conf - Optional configuration file for the C<Test::BrewBuild>
build system.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

By default, an example C<brewbuild.conf-dist> configuration file is copied into
C<~/brewbuild> directory upon installation.

To use a configuration file, copy the C<brewbuild.conf-dist> file to
C<brewbuild.conf> within the same directory, and edit it accordingly.

Command line arguments will override whatever configuration you have in the
config file.

=head1 SECTIONS

=head2 [brewbuild]

Configuration for the core L<Test::BrewBuild> components.

=head3 timeout

This is the timeout to use for the C<instance_install()> method. It defaults to
300 seconds. If an install takes longer than the time set in C<timeout>, it'll
roll out the changes are log an error, then proceed.

=head3 remove

Set to 1 to remove all instances of perl on every run. Defaults to 0.

=head3 plugin

Overrides the default plugin L<Test::BrewBuild::Plugin::DefaultExec> that is
the actual command set that performs the testing routines.

=head3 save

Default off, set to 1 to enable saving of all PASS logs along with the FAIL
ones.

=head3 debug

Default is 0. Range is 0-7.

=head3 legacy

Default off. Perls 5.8.x and lower will be installed if you set this to 1.

=head2 [dispatch]

Configuration for the dispatcher, L<Test::BrewBuild::Dispatch>.

=head3 testers

A comma delimited list of test servers to dispatch to. Example:

    testers = 127.0.0.1, 10.5.5.5:9999

=head3 cmd

The C<brewbuild> command string you want to use as default. Example:

    cmd = brewbuild -r -R -d 7

=head3 repo

The repo to default to. If not specified here or at the command-line, we'll
default to looking for a repository in your current working directory. Example:

    repo = https://github.com/stevieb9/pt-test-brewbuild

=head2 [tester]

Configuration for the tester L<Test::BrewBuild::Tester>.

=head3 ip

Specify the IP address you want your tester to listen on. Example:

    ip = 127.0.0.1

=head3 port

Which port should your tester listen on? Example:

    port = 9999
